<!----- Conversion time: 0.772 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Cut and paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β17
* Sat Oct 12 2019 13:24:53 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: https://docs.google.com/open?id=1_PmLBmnu-4RGUCKFsWgyr6oQzqRdTKadw7JgRU7dPhQ

WARNING:
You have 4 H1 headings. You may want to use the "H1 -> H2" option to demote all headings by one level.

----->


<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>>  gd2md-html alert:  ERRORs: 0; WARNINGs: 1; ALERTS: 0.</p>
<ul style="color: red; font-weight: bold"><li>See top comment block for details on ERRORs and WARNINGs. <li>In the converted Markdown or HTML, search for inline alerts that start with >>>>>  gd2md-html alert:  for specific instances that need correction.</ul>

<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">Links to alert messages:</p>
<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>> PLEASE check and correct alert issues and delete this message and the inline alerts.<hr></p>



# Agenda



1. Hackathon
    1. Budget
    2. Food
    3. Programming
    4. Funding updates
    5. Programming updates
        1. Leadup
            1. Recruitment
            2. Purchasing
            3. Locations
            4. Project solicitations
    6. Registration updates
    7. Advertising updates
2. Expenses
3. Email to the board (what jeff sent)


#


# Hackathon


# Budget



1. We started too late for general community support stuff from companies
2. Few irons in the fire
3. Bad timing
    1. ArcticCon - 10/3
    2. Startup weekend 11/?
    3. Just chose the date arbitrary
        1. Better to look at when is startup weekend, other conferences
        2. 3-6 month Lead time on getting sponsorships

**Fairbanks**

	3400

		2000 = CEM, doesn’t want to share statewide

		1400 = EPSCOR

	Techwise systems

	Fairbanks Hospital

**Anchorage**

LMJ - potential lead


    Alan/Ross Johnston


    Assistive Technology of Alaska - Breakfast Saturday Morning


    Three Bears - Steve

**Juneau**

	JEDC - might do some funding

	Makaerspace - hosting at location


## Programming



1. Friday:
    1. Idea pitches
    2. Jeff comes up with an example idea
    3. Current registrations 70-80% do not have an idea
    4. Mini keynote: Some cool projects someone worked on
    5. Let people figure out teams
2. Saturday
    6.
    7.
3. Sunday
4. Schedule
    8. Lightning talks
        1. Add tools of the trade for college students
            1. Twitter
            2. Github
            3. Slack
        2. Add Dev Alliance talk
        3.
5. Judging
    9. How do we reward people for participating
        4. We are trying to build a community
    10. Statewide judging
        5. Have everyone present and zoom
        6.
    11. Keep prize dollar amount even across locations
    12. We learned got a funny awarded but failed but it was a fun event -- our aim
    13. First event to practice that we have a community and build it
    14. Reward for remote
        7. Incentivize for working in a remote team
    15. Judges
        8. Reach out to professors and people of the community
            4. UAF: Lawlor, Metzgar, Dayne Broderson
        9. About 2 per location
            5. Maybe allow some participants to judge too?
        10.
    16. 5 minute presentations









<!-- Docs to Markdown version 1.0β17 -->
