<!----- Conversion time: 1.577 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Cut and paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β17
* Sat Oct 12 2019 13:34:04 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: https://docs.google.com/open?id=1qCf7NGWl7jDkSj3QBgiTBV58WIJJm6ivisK4Eh3LgtA

WARNING:
You have 10 H1 headings. You may want to use the "H1 -> H2" option to demote all headings by one level.

----->


<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>>  gd2md-html alert:  ERRORs: 0; WARNINGs: 1; ALERTS: 0.</p>
<ul style="color: red; font-weight: bold"><li>See top comment block for details on ERRORs and WARNINGs. <li>In the converted Markdown or HTML, search for inline alerts that start with >>>>>  gd2md-html alert:  for specific instances that need correction.</ul>

<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">Links to alert messages:</p>
<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>> PLEASE check and correct alert issues and delete this message and the inline alerts.<hr></p>



[TOC]



#


# Agenda {#agenda}



*   Calendar review
*   Zoom
    *   We all tend to like Zoom?
    *   Get an ADA account so we are relying on individuals
*   Board meetings
    *   Should we slap these on youtube too?
        *   Worth the effort?
        *   How transparent do we want to be
*   Better coordination and record of events
    *   Jeff - possibly need a format for less organized events? Something to help inbetween.
    *   Alliance Subgroups / Topics
        *   When we recognize a need for a specific meetup topic that is relevant right now, how do we do that? Is it something additional on the schedule? (e.g. #consultingproblems roundtable). What is the process for creating a subgroup? (game dev)
            *   Group Leader, Monthly Budget (food / advertisement / space)
        *   Game dev meetup
        *   The computer security subgroup
        *   Level of autonomy
            *   Procedure to follow to gain access to ADA resources
                *   Branding, money etc
    *   FaceBook Ads
        *   Business manager
        *   Lead gen ads
            *   Arsh made an example form
            *   $10 minimum for 10 days
    *   October 13th Hackathon
        *   Coordination with Startup Week?
        *   UAA / UAF schedule confirmation
        *   Sponsorship outreach
            *   Premera (healthcare)
            *   Assistive Technology of Alaska
*   Community Outreach
    *   Michael Bourdukofsky - paid positions with ANSEP
    *   After school programs for k-12
*   Community job postings
*   Facebook Permissions
*   Youtube
*   Password management
    *   1password
*   Google apps
    *   Link to an individual’s phone is blocking access
    *   Separate account for social media services like Youtube
        *   Do not sign into it from a phone
*   Restream
    *   Do we like it
    *   FInd an alternate solution for multiple streams
        *   RTMP server
        *   Different people stream to different services


# Calendar Review {#calendar-review}



1. Hackathon: October 11-13
2. November 7th meeting and not October
    1. No meeting in October


# Zoom {#zoom}



1. We all like zoom for our meetings
2. Will get a zoom account once we have the accounting stuff setup


# New Member {#new-member}



1. Melanie Plato
    1. Consultant in Anchorage
    2. IT for ~20 years
    3. Supports Oil and Gas
    4. CIO in BP
2. Just getting to know the board and the ADA


# Board Meetings {#board-meetings}



1. Jeff likes putting them on Youtube
    1. Beneficial to letting people know we are open
2. Everyone likes transparency
3. Can keep some stuff private
    2. Like personnel issues
4. Advertise the zoom meetings too


# Events {#events}



1. Likes the overarching statewide events
2. More specific events
    1. Games, AI, etc
3. Set guidelines for groups that spin off ADA
4. How can we support them (make a checklist?)
    2. Give 2 weeks notice to put into newsletter
    3.  A good event writeup
        1. 2-3 sentence description
        2. Not the same week as the statewide event
        3. Get in touch with a board member
        4. Coordinate with a local board member
5. Benefits
    4. ADA financial support
    5. Tap into ADA network
6. Write up a checklist and talk about in the next meeting
    6. Erik will lead
    7. Vincent and Arsh will help
7. When does the group become a sub-group of the ADA
    8. Need 3 organizers
        5. Pre-optimization, should solve problems when they come up
8. Computer security group
    9. Move forward and keep the board in the loop
9. Facebook Ads
    10. Good to advertise
    11. Come up with a target, time and audience
    12. Decent returns in the past
    13. Should track where people are coming from?
10. Come up with a system to track where people come from
    14. GSheet to track members
    15. Add to event process
11. Hackathon
    16. There is interest from private groups to do one
    17. Themes
        6. IOT, assistive tech, Alaska etc
    18. Reverse hackathon
        7. Find people who need problems solved
        8. About building and not ideas
        9.  Work with a client
    19. Stackathon
        10. Make teams with different expertise
            1. So a designer, developer, marketing etc
        11. Geared towards working with different kinds of people versus just building something
            2. Come together to show something at the end
    20. Reach out to UAA and UAF hackathon folks
        12. Have Link Larson reach out to UAA
    21. Confirm the date and then talk to industry partners


# Community Job Postings {#community-job-postings}



1. Table as 2nd priority for next board meeting


# Tools {#tools}



1. Jeff: Support spaying for tools that help us use less time
2. Password tool discussion can be had later
3. Status with Youtube
    1. Just uploading old videos
    2. Views may go back into advertising talk
4. Just waiting on buying them once we have the LA stuff figured out
5. 1password: tabled for future


# Next Meeting {#next-meeting}



1. Focus on hackathon
2. 2nd focus on community job postings

<!-- Docs to Markdown version 1.0β17 -->
