<!----- Conversion time: 1.893 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Cut and paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β17
* Sat Oct 12 2019 13:32:39 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: https://docs.google.com/open?id=1CdPyRfGX_HzaHhLoD5pV5x_0l5n6bUJO3crpMvfB-Ak

WARNING:
You have 5 H1 headings. You may want to use the "H1 -> H2" option to demote all headings by one level.

----->


<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>>  gd2md-html alert:  ERRORs: 0; WARNINGs: 1; ALERTS: 0.</p>
<ul style="color: red; font-weight: bold"><li>See top comment block for details on ERRORs and WARNINGs. <li>In the converted Markdown or HTML, search for inline alerts that start with >>>>>  gd2md-html alert:  for specific instances that need correction.</ul>

<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">Links to alert messages:</p>
<p style="color: red; font-weight: bold">>>>>> PLEASE check and correct alert issues and delete this message and the inline alerts.<hr></p>



[TOC]



#


# Agenda {#agenda}



1. Hackathon
2. Community Job Postings
3. Recurring expenses
    1. List of recurring expenses
        1. Digital ocean
        2. Namecheap - domain name
        3. Gsuite
        4. Zoom - double check with Launch
4. Review golang bootcamps
    2. Housing for out of town folks
        5. Check bent prop hostel and maybe get a deal?
        6. Carpooling
        7. Slack channel - #golang-bootcamp-2019
5. Welcoming committee
    3. Pipeline to get incoming CS students to join us


# Hackathon {#hackathon}


## How do we define success {#how-do-we-define-success}



1. A time for participants to try new tech that they have wanted to try for a while
2. Get an MVP that can be showed off
3. Just happening (Link)
4. Getting a small team together and actually make something
5. Get a team, work and make something
    1. Pathway to start a project
    2. People who want to work together
6. Seniors who have mentored juniors
    3. How do seniors build something
    4. A well rounded team
    5. What can you build in a week
    6. Juniors and seniors work together to work on a new tech
7. People who have attempted to build an MVp in the bootstrap sense
    7. Proof of concept
8. Push the ADA from a group of technologies to groups who have built something
9. Tech specific seniors
    8. ROR, C# etc
10. Have a thing to show on the weekend with collaboration from different skill levelst


## How do we judge the winners {#how-do-we-judge-the-winners}



1. How far did you get
2. Understanding of the topic
3. Judging completeness is hard since we do not know what the hurdles are
4. Ranking the completeness
    1. Criteria to describe the completeness. Judge against this criteria
        1. Make a list of 3 requirements Friday night
            1. 1 primary and 2 secondary
5. Non traditional awards
    2. Award progress like came the farthest, most ambition etc
    3. Spread more evenly, a “flat distribution”
        2. Do not give out prizes in terms of place
        3. Prizes relevant to the individual
        4. Encourage teams to continue to work together or even establish a relationship
    4. 10-15 prizes that are not on the 1,2,3 ranking
        5. Best mentor, most improved, best communication etc
        6. Need more brainstorm
        7. Judge and rank mentorship and teamwork
        8. Team with only juniors (“most naive”)
6. Each team does a mini 2019 ADA survey
    5. Type form for skill level
    6. Self select your ability level
        9. Give people colored badges
    7.
7. Friday night pitching
    8. Pitch your ideas, form teams and end
    9. Zoom link for each cross location teams
    10.


## Statewide {#statewide}



1. No big enough concept to pitch to companies
2. What format
    1. Know ideas in advance
        1. Stackathon
        2. Do this on Friday ?
    2. Friday is just a social so people can chill
        3. Cons: Will need to organize the team building on some other day
3. Have a problem set
4. Do not get confused with startup weekend
    3. More about trying new tech than business idea
5. Get all organizers on the ADA slack
    4. UAF Folks: Arsh tries to get them on
6. Checkboxes
    5. Locations
        4. Fairbanks:: UAF Wood Center Ballroom
        5. Juneau: Juneau Coworking
            1. Coworking space maybe full
        6. Anchorage:
            2. Link: Look around UAA for location
    6. Optimistic and pessimistic food budget
    7.  Solicit ideas from people
        7. Took a lot of work on the LA hackathon but people had problems to work on
        8. Social or online gathering for people to pitch ideas
            3. Online: Zoom conference


## Timeline {#timeline}



1. Locations: Next Monday (9/9)
2. Next board meetup: 9/10 at 16:30
3. Advertising:
4. Announce next week
    1. Send out a newsletter for the GoLang course : 9/4
    2. Announce on the monthly newsletter: 9/9
        1. Also take the alliance survey
        2. Request for hackathon ideas
5. 9/19 email
6. 9/26 meetup
7. 10/02 newsletter
8. Close signup Oct 9  for ideas to be submitted
9. Budget: Sept 30th
    3. ~7k
    4. Generally 500-2k per company
10. Companies
    5. GCI
    6. ACS
    7. MTA
    8. Primera
    9. Providence ?
    10. Pingo tech
    11. RDI
    12. FMH
    13. Coneco
    14. Crowley
    15. Sourdough fuel
    16. Far shore
    17. Roundup Steakhouse
    18. Manshu
    19. Element electric
    20. PVC engineers
    21. Assistive tech of AK
    22. Computerwerks
    23. AlasConnect
    24. TecksRUs
11. Might need more board meetups to get these things done


## UAF Updates {#uaf-updates}



1. Decided on Oct 12-13
2. We have a budget and have sent some of it off to CEM
3. Looking into other sponsors
    1. ANSEP, ACEP, CenterICE
4. Looking for help for prizes, swag and food
5.


## UAA Updates {#uaa-updates}



1.  No CS club meeting
2.  No objections for our date
3. Potential MTA sponsorship
    1. Last month of the fiscal year so good time to get money
    2.
4. Distribute the slack to the CS club


# Golang bootcamp {#golang-bootcamp}



1.  Rent a single AirBnB
2. Ask a survey question
    1. Coming from out of town etc
3. bent prop hostel
4. Just advertise good places but not facilitate
    2. Carpool from advertised places


# Welcoming Committee {#welcoming-committee}



1. How do we get new CS students in
    1. Define how can we help them
    2. Community post-graduation
    3. Get into the professional committee earlier
2. Onboarding
    4. Specific person for keeping new members engaged
    5. Look at what other orgs have done
3. Reach out to UAF and UAA professors to do spiel for ADA

Deliverables:

	Jeff - reach out to kenrick and talk to cs class for dev alliance outreach, summarize hackathon, send out 2nd golang advertisement, reach out to dave nespoli, reach out to bent prop hostel

	Conroy - Juneau space

	Link - Anchorage Space

	Arsh: UAF space, class spiel, get hackathon organizers on ADA slack,

	Vincent: Fairbanks business outreach, get flyers out in the community,




<!-- Docs to Markdown version 1.0β17 -->
